chore: update repository refs (#66)
Unleash/unleash_proxy_client_flutter: README.md

# Unleash SDK for Flutter (Dart)

Unleash is a private, secure, and scalable [feature management platform](https://www.getunleash.io/) built to reduce the risk of releasing new features and accelerate software development. This Flutter SDK is designed to help you integrate with Unleash and evaluate feature flags inside your application.

You can use this client with [Unleash Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=flutter) or [Unleash Open Source](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash).

> This is a tiny Unleash Frontend SDK you can use together with [Unleash Frontend API](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/front-end-api#using-the-unleash-front-end-api) or [Unleash Edge](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a lightweight Unleash Frontend SDK you can use together with [Unleash Frontend API](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/front-end-api#using-the-unleash-front-end-api) or [Unleash Edge](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge).
```

To connect this SDK to your Unleash instance's [front-end API](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/front-end-api), use the URL to your Unleash instance's front-end API (`<unleash-url>/api/frontend`) as the `url` parameter. For the `clientKey` parameter, use a `FRONTEND` token generated from your Unleash instance. Refer to the [_how to create API tokens_](https://docs.getunleash.io/how-to/how-to-create-api-tokens) guide for the necessary steps.

> To connect this SDK to the [Unleash Edge](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge), use the Unleash edge's URL with a Frontend token from upstream Unleash or use a [pretrusted token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge#pretrusted-tokens) from Unleash Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect this SDK to the [Unleash Edge](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge), use the URL of Unleash Edge with a Frontend token from an upstream Unleash instance or use a [pretrusted token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge#pretrusted-tokens) from Unleash Edge.
```

The [Unleash context](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-context) is used to evaluate features against attributes of a the current user. To update and configure the Unleash context in this SDK, use the `updateContext`, `setContextField` and `setContextFields` methods.

> The context you set in your app will be passed along to the Unleash Edge or the front-end API as query parameters for feature evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The context you set in your app will be passed along to Unleash Edge or the Frontend API as query parameters for feature evaluation.
```

- **error** - emitted when an error occurs on init, or when fetch function fails, or when fetch receives a non-ok response object. The error object is sent as payload.
- **initialized** - emitted after the SDK has read local cached data in the storageProvider.

> - **ready** - emitted after the SDK has successfully started and performed the initial fetch towards the Unleash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ready** - emitted after the SDK has successfully started and performed the initial fetch towards Unleash.
```
